In the daytime, I'm Marinette.
Just a normal girl with a normal life.
But there's something about me
that no one knows yet.
Because I have a secret.
♪ Miraculous! Simply the best! ♪
♪ Up to the test when things go wrong! ♪
♪ Miraculous! The luckiest! ♪
♪ The power of love, always so strong! ♪
♪ Miraculous! ♪
Tonight, for our first edition
of Face-to-Face,
you'll have the opportunity of a lifetime,
the chance to talk live
with Ladybug and Cat Noir!
Along with me, Nadia Chamack.
We'll reveal sizzling-hot information
about your favourite superheroes!
Don't be bemused, it's just the news!
Sizzling-hot revelations?
Can you believe it, Tikki? An hourlong
special about me and Cat Noir!
-Pretty exciting, huh?
-But, Marinette,
you're a superhero, not a star!
You have to remain a mystery,
to protect yourself from Hawk Moth
and all his supervillains!
Don't worry. I only accepted this
because I want the people of Paris
to know that Cat Noir and I will always
do whatever it takes to keep them safe.
Just be careful tonight, OK?
Tonight? What do you mean?
Tonight I have babysitting.
-The show is tomorrow!
-Don't forget, tonight! Face-to-Face,
live with Ladybug and Cat noir!
And that's probably why
you babysit tonight.
Marinette! Marinette!
Manon! Mrs. Chamack!
I, uh, I just saw your ad
for your show... tonight.
Sorry, I'm running late.
Thanks for watching Manon.
I've put lots of things for her in here.
She's had dinner.
-I'm so glad you're free tonight.
-Uh, yeah. I had no other plans.
-No plans at all!
-I better get going.
A lot is riding on this interview. I need
all of Paris in front of the screen.
Sweetie, just for tonight,
you can watch TV with Marinette!
Yay! Mommy will be on TV
with Ladybug and Cat Noir!
You'll do great, Mrs. Chamack!
Besides, you already have two viewers!
Wish me luck!
Tell your friends to tune in!
I will!
Uh, Alya?
We're on air in ten.
Still no cat in sight.
-Sure you have this in control, Nadia?
-Yes, Arlette. I got this, as promised.
-Biggest audience of the year.
-Let's hope so,
if you want to keep this show
on prime time in the future.
[sighs]
Huh? How the... Which way did you come in?
Secret celebrity door.
-I see Ladybug's running behind.
-I thought you'd arrive together!
-Do you wanna hear a secret?
-Mmm-hmm.
I love chouquettes!
Is that the sizzling-hot information
I've been promised?
-No! Of course not!
-Well, you know the rules.
Prime time, prime info.
No info, no more show.
-We're on the air in five!
-I'm sorry. She's not picking up.
Super-Manon to the rescue! Whoo!
To the Eiffel Tower and beyond!
-Glad you could make it last minute.
-Of course!
It's way more fun watching your favourite
superhero on TV with my favourite girls!
When we return, Nadia Chamack will be
joined by Ladybug and Cat Noir,
for an incredible exclusive interview!
Mommy! There's mommy!
Why can't I get an exclusive interview
like that for my Ladyblog?
Oh! I forgot to,
uh, tell my bakery something!
They're in the parents, downstairs.
Do you mind keeping an eye on Manon?
You mean,
"Talk to your parents in the bakery."
Uh... Right!, well, uh,
sometimes it can take a while.
They don't always understand.
Actually, it's not their fault, they--
-Marinette?
-Yes?
-Go!
-Right!
Alya is such a good friend.
I feel so guilty about inviting her over
just so I could leave her with Manon!
Then again,
Alya is Ladybug's biggest fan,
and she'd be crushed if her favourite
superhero didn't turn up for her TV show!
It's your choice, Marinette.
Hmm. Well...
Tikki, spots on! Ha!
Going live in ten... nine...
Eight seconds from
the greatest fail in TV history.
Five... four... three...
I thought you'd decided to stand me up.
And let the audience down? Never!
I'm sorry I'm so late, Nadia.
Saved by the bug.
Well, now I'm counting on you
to boost those ratings sky high!
Make that red turn green.
Hmm.
Good evening. I'm Nadia Chamack
and this is Face-to-Face.
For our first edition,
I welcome the beloved guardians of Paris,
Ladybug and Cat Noir! Hello!
Thanks so much for accepting
this exclusive live interview!
Thank you, Nadia.
We're honoured to be here!
And hello to all my fans!
I'm sure thousands have tuned in tonight.
Don't encourage him or the cat
won't stop purring all night.
Don't listen to her.
Bugaboo's just a spot jealous.
I thought we agreed on
no more Bugaboo-calling, Pussycat!
But it's so cute!
Ha, ha, ha!
It's obvious you two are very close!
-Marinette is missing the whole thing!
-What could that girl be doing?
People know you,
but they don't really know you.
We see you saving Paris,
but don't know anything else.
We won't be keeping anything
from you tonight.
Well, we do have to keep a few secrets,
including our identities, of course.
Absolutely.
How about we start off with questions
from your biggest fans?
Yup, let's do it!
Hello, caller,
state your name and your question.
Seriously, Nadia? Surely no one else
would be the first caller but me!
I'm only
the most prestigious fan of Ladybug!
Oh, yes, of course,
hello there, Chloé Bourgeois,
daughter of the Mayor of Paris.
And don't forget Daddy
is the manager of the Grand Paris,
the best luxury hotel in the entire city!
Uh, thank you for reminding us.
What is your question, Chloé?
Oh, I don't have a question.
I just wanted to say "Hi",
since, as you all know,
we are such very good friends,
Ladybug, Cat Noir and I.
Thank you, Chloé Bourgeois. Next caller.
Hey! I'm not finished! Who gives you--
Hi, Ladybug and Cat Noir!
I'm Alya and wonder
if you'd grant me
an interview for the Ladyblog,
since I have more viewers than Nadia!
-What do you say?
-Uh... Yeah, sure, Alya.
-I'd love to do that.
-That totally rocks!
-Thank you! Thank you!
-I'm on TV?
-Mommy?
-Manon? But where's Marinette?
-She had to go tell her parents something!
-Yeah. It can take a while.
What's going on, Nadia?
Is this some kind of joke?
Just get to the scoop, now!
Uh, Ladybug, Cat Noir...
Um, so, a lot of fans think of you
as a couple of superheroes,
but also, and I quote,
as a "couple", period.
-What?
-Can you confirm you're dating?
I'm very sorry, Nadia,
but we're superheroes.
We're not here to answer
such personal questions.
Miaow. My ladybug's growing claws!
We're here to assure
all Parisians they're safe,
and it's only a matter of time
before we defeat Hawk Moth. That's all.
-You told me you had an inside scoop!
-Fine.
How do you explain these photographs,
then?
What? When did that happen?
I was saving you, not kissing you!
[Arlette]
Good job! Keep that up!
It's so obvious you're both in love!
These are just a bunch of photos
taken out of context!
We were only doing our job.
We save the city together every day!
We're not a couple!
-But, hopefully, one day...
-Cat! Not now!
Why won't you tell the truth?
But it is the truth, Nadia!
Come on, the audience awaits your answer.
This interview is so over.
-Whoa! What's the rush?
-Uh... There's an alert!
Paris needs us right now!
Sorry! When duty calls... Gotta go!
-Don't let them leave!
-Hey! Wait, you two!
The show is not over yet!
Your fans will be disappointed!
If they're our true fans,
they'll understand!
The lady is right.
Beauty, comfort...
Well, say bye-bye, Nadia.
This is officially your first
and last primetime show!
[Nadia sobs]
A journalist ridiculed
by Ladybug and Cat Noir,
now that's a perfect prey!
Fly away,
my little akuma, and evilise her!
[Nadia sobs]
Prime Queen, I am Hawk Moth.
I see Ladybug and Cat Noir
have denied you the answers you deserve.
Steal their Miraculous
and you will get your scoop!
The highest ratings will be mine!
-So, who are we saving?
-Just us.
Nadia was willing to do anything
for her show's success,
and I'm not about to answer
any more questions!
But that's the price of success,
the price of stardom!
We are superheroes, not stars!
We should be doing our job,
not looking like fools on TV!
Wait!
I wasn't planning to get home so early!
Why don't we get some ice cream?
I know the purr-fect place.
It's not possible.
She's a girl
and she doesn't have a shampoo!
What the--
Oh! My interview
would have been so much better!
Why can't we see Mommy on TV any more?
And where's Marinette?
[yawns]
I'm sure she'll be back soon.
Before you can say--
[snores]
Welcome, everyone, to a new show
hosted by me, Prime Queen!
Ha, ha!
Don't be bemused, it's just the news!
Nadia?
[evil laugh]
Tonight, Ladybug and Cat Noir
disappointed all their loyal fans
by refusing to admit
their love for one another!
I've prepared some trials
to see how far they'll go
to keep the truth hidden from us!
Hey! You're not allowed to come in here!
Security!
Let's welcome our very first guest,
Chloé Bourgeois,
who's apparently a friend
of our two superheroes.
I certainly am.
Just proves you can't believe
what you see on TV!
Well, then, dear Chloé, let's find out
if you can count on them as true friends!
[screaming]
Hey! Watch it!
You're wrinkling my clothes!
Do you realise how much they cost?
[screams]
[gasps]
This can't be happening to me!
I never, ever take the subway!
It's so... so not me!
Ugh! Gross!
Welcome to the subway of suspense!
If it reaches 70 miles per hour,
you can say goodbye
to your precious little friend!
Well, well, look here!
The ratings are rising!
More and more of you want to know
if our superhero friends
will get here in time!
The suspense is killing her!
[evil laugh]
Ladybug, Cat Noir,
are you willing to travel through
the screen to save your darling Chloé?
Ladybug, Cat Noir, I beg you,
save my jacket!
Ready to take the leap, Milady?
What if it's a trap? I think
I'd rather get there by my own means.
There are many subway lines in Paris,
which means a 140 miles of rails!
If we want to get there in time
to save Chloé, we have no choice.
-Ha! Just admit you love being on TV!
-I don't get stage fright, Bugaboo!
[battle cry]
Finally! What took you so long?
Hurry up and get me out of this
underground nightmare! Whoa! Ugh!
[evil laugh]
You're about to be the stars of the
highest-rated show in all of TV history!
The akuma must be in that watch.
I'll deal with Prime Queen.
I'll deal with the door!
-We're trapped!
-The rules for my show are simple.
Admit the truth, live on TV,
that you're dating and in love,
and I'll stop the train!
A superhero never lies! We won't admit
to something that's not true!
I want my scoop!
-I'll use my Cataclysm!
-No, wait!
-We might need it for an emergency.
-Yeah. Like, right now!
We have to lure her over here first,
or we'll never capture her akuma.
So let's just play along with her.
It'll buy us some time.
-Meaning?
-OK, Prime Queen.
You win. I confess.
Cat Noir and I are dating, like you said!
We are in love.
[purring]
-Did I just hear you purr?
-Uh... No way!
Our two heroic lovebirds
are saving their fan's life
by admitting their true feelings!
Our viewers are going crazy!
But the TV ratings haven't maxed out yet.
You must do better!
Then come and join us, Prime Queen!
You're the host and star of the show.
Then you'll have your ratings!
Order them to give you their Miraculous!
My show, my rules, Ladybug!
To prove your feelings are genuine,
you'll have to take off your masks!
Which means
you must both give me your Miraculous!
-Not a chance, Prime Queen!
-Wait!
I know how we can prove our feelings!
Pucker up!
Not a chance, Kitty!
Is the show over?
If we can't get to her,
we'll never capture her akuma!
My dear viewers,
you're in for the reveal of a lifetime!
[evil laugh]
Ladybug! Help me, please!
Oh, wait! Isn't this the girl
who started the famous Ladyblog?
-The first one who ever filmed Ladybug?
-No! Alya!
Next trial, your Miraculous, or else
your biggest fan will be mummified!
[evil laugh]
Let's leap in before she runs!
Hey! Oh! Wait! What about me?
Someone get me out of here!
-We're not at the Louvre!
-It was a double-cross!
[evil laugh]
-Cataclysm?
-There's no point.
We're far away from the Louvre.
By the time we get there,
it'll be too late!
So, a kiss then?
Still not a chance, Cat Noir!
The time has come
to push those ratings sky high!
Let's try again.
Remove your Miraculous
and reveal your true selves.
The whole world is watching you!
The perfect plan, Prime Queen!
They're cornered!
The Miraculous are mine!
There's no use looking for a way out...
unless you want to see
your fan in deep water!
[gasp]
Hurry up, you two.
Don't wanna keep your audience waiting!
You're right!
Lucky Charm!
A tape roll?
What am I supposed to do with this?
Of course!
-Hurry! She's about to push Alya in!
-One minute!
-That's too long!
-Listen to the cat!
Voilà!
-What's happening?
-Fine. You win, Prime Queen!
We'll remove our Miraculous.
Everyone will see us without our masks!
And we're about to kiss!
Shame you're missing it!
So unlucky!
If you're lying,
you're going to regret it!
And now you're stuck with us.
Cataclysm!
-Ladies first.
-Thank you.
No more evil-doing for you, little akuma!
Time to de-evilise!
Gotcha!
Bye, little butterfly!
Miraculous Ladybug!
What just happened?
Pound it!
Prime Queen turned out to be bad news!
But, soon, I'll be broadcasting
the end of Ladybug and Cat Noir!
I'm so sorry, Alya!
I had no idea it would take so long
to talk to my parents!
You won't believe it!
I was taken hostage by a supervillain!
What? You're kidding!
No joke! You missed everything!
Luckily, Ladybug saved me!
I'm so sorry I wasn't here for you.
No biggie! But next time
we decide to spend an evening together,
you're not allowed to go
near your parents!
Deal!
Don't be bemused, it's just the news!
Hi, I'm Nadia Chamack,
and this Side-by-Side!
Today, I'm joined by Alya Césaire,
who created the Ladyblog!
Together, we'll be looking back over
Cat Noir and Ladybug's greatest feats!
Your ratings are really high,
Nadia, great job!
You've earned this primetime show!
Hello, Nadia! Hey, fans!
So, first of all,
I gotta set the record straight.
Cat Noir and Ladybug are not a couple!
Well, not yet, at least.
Sorry to break the news!
-Hey, look! That's you with my mommy!
-That's right, small fry!
Well done! Now everyone's
gonna know about the Ladyblog!
-You want an autograph?
-Of course!
Oh, me first, me first!
[laughters]